Ah, Yoji, You got work today, right?
Oh, yep, but I resigned since it was too tired.
Again?
Don't make a fuss.
Ah....Just wait.
Wow! You got this!
You said you want this, right?
Thanks, that's so nice of you.
You'll say more touching moment tonight.
This is the touching film festival right?
Ahah, you knew that from TV show?
Nope, because I'm a infomation genius.
After the movie, shall we go for dinner?
There is an Italian bistro just open.
Magazine?
Nope, this time from Internet.
Well, I expect that so much!
But...could we pay the bill seperately?
You know I almost have no money now.
Ah?
I'm just out of work.
Please.
Excuse me, can I have an adult ticket?
Your license?
License?
Before buying tickets I need to show my driving license now?
Hurry up.
License.
Here.
Not this.
Pardon? It's driving license, right?
What happen? You forgot to bring the license?
What do you meaning by 'forgot'?
Em, what's this?
Adult license?
Ah, what the hell it is?
I couldn't go to movie if I haven't got this?
No adult lisence, arrest him!
Ouch! That hurts!
What are you doing!
Let me go!
Why? You don't have adult license?
Are you an adult?
Of course I am!
Ouch! Let me go!
Wait! Open the door!
Open it!
What's the matter?
Where am I now?
Nice to meet you.
My name is Takashi.
Are you based here?
Could you please tell me...
What the hell has happened?
If you meet a stranger first time, you need to greet him first.
What?
The lowest level of the adult test.
Adult test 0, virtual subway test.
Adult test start.
What happened?
What's this?
Subway?
Please have a seat.
What happened?
It's not permitted to grab this?
So...
Test over, test over.
What the hell?!
Excuse me, when did all of this started?
You really don't know?
You know we need to get a license to prove that we are adult from last year, right?
Ah?
Or you don't read any newspaper or news?
That's right...
The crime has been increasing this year.
Many parents do some childish crime.
Like they killed their childern.
So, people need to got a license to be an adult.
People was here
to take the test, get the license?
Yep.
However, here is the special training institute.
For the people who arrested without license.
Before you could pass all the test and get the license.
You cannot get out of here.
How come?
That's true.
That's me.
The Adult Road.
Cannot take the priority seat.
Grab by single arm.
Is this OK?
Ah, under this circumstance
If you are standing by a women,
you need to put up your hands to clarify that you're not a freak.
This is OK.
I just got the technique.
Hi, hi!
Really?
That's OK, take it easy.
If I'm right, when I say this...
An adult need to point out the impolite manner with courage.
But, I can not..
Why!
Point out, how to?
Test over, test over.
It can't be.
An adult need to point out...
Thank you.
I always stop here.
I cannot point out other's fault.
What's this?
Ah, that day is my daughter's birthday.
You got a daughter?
Yes.
Cute?
I really want to graduate from here before that day.
But I have no chance.
I'll be forever child after all this.
Forever child?
People cannot graduate in one year.
They have not got the second chance to be adult.
They will be kicked out from here with a mark  "forever child" on their forehead.
They will live life long with the humiliation of forever child.
Without any freedom.
No drink, no smoke.
No work, no love affairs, of course no family.
I...cannot
I cannot meet my daughter again.
Thank you for coming.
I don't expect it.
I'm surprised.
Me too.
I'm surprised as well.
To my surprise, you're still a child.
No, it's because...
I cannot be with Yoji anymore.
I cannot date with a child.
Sorry.
Just a moment, why this?
I can handle it.
I already get the technique.
It's not a big thing if you follow the rule.
I'll be out soon.
I fall in love with another guy.
A real man with license.
I said I'll be an adult soon.
If I pass the test..
I'll pass the test soon, could you..
I don't mean to say that.
I just want to say goodbye.
As an adult woman.
Wait! Wait!
Farewell.
Yuka! Wait!
I have to  be an adult.
I must take that.
I must be a great adult.
Remember that?
You must remember!
Point out!
Just point out.
Could you bear to be a forever adult?
Was it from live?
Not from live.
Be quite!
Sorry.
That's OK.
Well, this is it.
It's OK?!
［Courage, determination, sense of social responsibility, level up!］
Virtual Subway Test, Pass!
Practical test, level 1.
Hurry up! Give me your money!
The occassion with hostage. Negotiate with the criminal first, ask them to release women and elder, you also can ask to replace them.
Chapter 12, Meet the robber.
Let me replace her!
Release women and elder.
How you dare!
Ok, come here!
And at the moment of replacement, subdue the robber!
［Courage, determination, level up!］
Wait.
Don't do that.
You cannot yell to them.
Look at them and confort them by their side.
Chapter 20, the way to stop suicide.
It's hard, right?
It's lonely, right?
However,
The people left by you must be sad.
Your dad, mom, and your friend.
And me...I'll be sad as well.
Scored!
Hey, what are you doing?
［Calmness, level up!］
Mom.
Chapter 256, the way to visit patient.
First of all, don't be flurried, take her hands with clam and tender.
Show your sadness gradually, then burst out your emotion.
Mom, please, please.
Mom, please, hold on.
Hold on. Mom, Mom!
Mom.
［Care for others, level up.］
The final stage.
Tomorrow will be the graduate test.
You'll get the adult license if you pass.
毕业考试
Adult.
Great!
I'll  say goodbye to my childish tomorrow!
At last!
Hi..
Could you please do me a favor?
How can I?
Could you please help me?
With?
I want to say my daughter.
I think I cannot graduate form here.
So I want to escape to say my daughter.
Just for once, I want to see her face.
Please.
Chapter 95, the way of persuation.
Keep clam, clarify the situation with gentle, don't stimulate him, touch him with emotion.
I deeply understand you.
But.
If you be caught.
You'll be forever adult.
Forget all that stupid idea.
This is good for you.
But...
We can work this out together.
You're not alone.
I was gone.
Keep fighting, for me. ---Takashi
Fxxk!
The graduate test, start!
Please go to the test place.
Be there on time!
It has nothing to do with me now.
Test No. 42, Sholyu Yoji.
Here.
It's your last test.
This man want to escape.
You have the authority to judge him for his guilty.
Whether you are qualified depends on it.
Ah...for..
Please state your opinion.
Break the rules. As an adult.
How to deal with it?
How should the guilty adult be ruled?
For..this...
What's up? Cannot say a word?
You have no idea?
Chapter 1085 Crime and Punishment
All crime need to be punished.
No matter the crimenal have whatever reason, they must be punished.
It's the duty of an adult.
All crime need to be punished.
Whatever reason they have.
All crime have to be punished.